docs: update instructions to use Amplify UI components in app directory (#3850)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: docs/src/pages/[platform]/connected-components/account-settings/account-settings.react.mdx

import { Alert, Tabs, TabItem } from '@aws-amplify/ui-react';
import { AppDirectoryAlert } from '@/components/AppDirectoryAlert';

> import { Fragment } from '@/components/Fragment';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Don't see this used anywhere

Reviewer 2: fixed

## Quick Start

<Alert variation="info" role="none">

> Next.js 13.4+ introduces [app directory](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing#the-app-directory) with the usage of [Server Components](https://nextjs.org/docs/getting-started/react-essentials#server-components). To use Amplify UI componenents, you must use them inside the Client Component tree by placing `"use client"` at the boundary between your Client and Server component module graph. If you are using it, you need to do some extra setup [here](/react/getting-started/usage/nextjs#connected-components).

Reviewer 2: Can we please move this to a shared fragment so we only have to update it in one place?

Author: Will do

> Next.js 13.4+ introduces [app directory](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing#the-app-directory) with the usage of [Server Components](https://nextjs.org/docs/getting-started/react-essentials#server-components). To use Amplify UI componenents, you must use them inside the Client Component tree by placing `"use client"` at the boundary between your Client and Server component module graph. If you are using it, you need to do some extra setup [here](/react/getting-started/usage/nextjs#connected-components).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next.js 13.4+ introduces [app directory](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing#the-app-directory) with the usage of [Server Components](https://nextjs.org/docs/getting-started/react-essentials#server-components). Amplify UI components are interactive and designed to work on the client side. To use them inside of Server Components you must wrap them in a Client Component with `"use client"`. See [Next.js Connected Component configuration](/react/getting-started/usage/nextjs#connected-components).
```

## Quick Start

> <Fragment>{() => import('../shared/AppDirectoryAlert.mdx')}</Fragment>

Reviewer 3: Nittish: Could this just be a named component to simplify a bit more?

Reviewer 3: Think we already have some, like the [`ReactPropsTable`](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-ui/blob/main/docs/src/components/propsTable/ReactPropsTable.tsx)
